Update OAuth2.md to clarify application.commands scope (#6324)
hammerandchisel/discord-api-docs: docs/topics/OAuth2.md

| activities.write                         | allows your app to update a user's activity - requires Discord approval (NOT REQUIRED FOR [GAMESDK ACTIVITY MANAGER](#DOCS_GAME_SDK_ACTIVITIES/))                                       |
| applications.builds.read                 | allows your app to read build data for a user's applications                                                                                                                            |
| applications.builds.upload               | allows your app to upload/update builds for a user's applications - requires Discord approval                                                                                           |

> | applications.commands                    | allows your app to display [commands](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/) in a guild                                                                                                  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| applications.commands                    | allows your app to provide [commands](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/) in a guild                                                                                                  |
```

> | applications.commands                    | allows your app to display [commands](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/) in a guild                                                                                                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| applications.commands                    | allows your app to add [commands](#DOCS_INTERACTIONS_APPLICATION_COMMANDS/) to a guild                                                                                                  |
```
i think this is a lil clearer—something along the lines of add or install.
